Update overview-managed-identity.md (#58261)
Azure/azure-content: articles/app-service/overview-managed-identity.md

### <a name="asal"></a>Using the Microsoft.Azure.Services.AppAuthentication library for .NET

> For .NET applications and functions, the simplest way to work with a managed identity is through the Microsoft.Azure.Services.AppAuthentication package. This library will also allow you to test your code locally on your development machine, using your user account from Visual Studio, the [Azure CLI](/cli/azure), or Active Directory Integrated Authentication. For more on local development options with this library, see the [Microsoft.Azure.Services.AppAuthentication reference]. 
> 
> It's also important to understand that there are subtle differences in the way you code your application to use this library. For instance, if you plan to use the system-assigned managed identity then you can use the code below. However, if you intend to use user-defined managed identities, you need to explicitly configure the AzureServiceTokenProvider with the ClientId of the managed identity. 
> 
> This section shows you how to get started with the library in your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For .NET applications and functions, the simplest way to work with a managed identity is through the Microsoft.Azure.Services.AppAuthentication package. This library will also allow you to test your code locally on your development machine, using your user account from Visual Studio, the [Azure CLI](/cli/azure), or Active Directory Integrated Authentication. When hosted in the cloud, it will default to using a system-assigned identity, but you can customize this behavior using a connection string environment variable which references the client ID of a user-assigned identity. For more on development options with this library, see the [Microsoft.Azure.Services.AppAuthentication reference]. This section shows you how to get started with the library in your code.
```

1. Add references to the [Microsoft.Azure.Services.AppAuthentication](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Azure.Services.AppAuthentication) and any other necessary NuGet packages to your application. The below example also uses [Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault).

> 2. Add the following code to your application, modifying to target the correct resource, if you plan to run the application locally or using the system-assigned managed identity. This example shows two ways to work with Azure Key Vault:

Reviewer: This code is valid for all cases - a connection string can be provided via an environment variable to make adjustments.

Reviewer: This thread can be resolved. I have created two suggestion comments capturing the change.

> 2. Add the following code to your application, modifying to target the correct resource, if you plan to run the application locally or using the system-assigned managed identity. This example shows two ways to work with Azure Key Vault:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add the following code to your application, modifying to target the correct resource. This example shows two ways to work with Azure Key Vault:
```

    // OR
    var kv = new KeyVaultClient(new KeyVaultClient.AuthenticationCallback(azureServiceTokenProvider.KeyVaultTokenCallback));
    ```

> If you want to use a user-defined managed identity, then you'll need to use the following code instead modifying to target the right resources and use the right clientid:
> 
>     ```csharp
>     using Microsoft.Azure.Services.AppAuthentication;
>     using Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault;
>     // ...
>     var azureServiceTokenProvider = new AzureServiceTokenProvider("RunAs=App;AppId=<clientid-guid>");
>     string accessToken = await azureServiceTokenProvider.GetAccessTokenAsync("https://vault.azure.net");
>     // OR
>     var kv = new KeyVaultClient(new KeyVaultClient.AuthenticationCallback(azureServiceTokenProvider.KeyVaultTokenCallback));
>     ```

Reviewer: @cmatskas This one got lost with some of the other ones going in. Just the one more.

```suggestion
If you want to use a user-assigned managed identity, you can set the `AzureServicesAuthConnectionString` application setting to `RunAs=App;AppId=<clientid-guid>`, replacing "clientId-guid" with the client ID of the identity you wish to use. You can also define multiple such connection strings by using custom application settings and passing their values into the AzureServiceTokenProvider constructor.

    ```csharp
    var identityConnectionString1 = Environment.GetEnvironmentVariable("UA1_ConnectionString");
    var azureServiceTokenProvider1 = new AzureServiceTokenProvider(identityConnectionString1);
    
    var identityConnectionString2 = Environment.GetEnvironmentVariable("UA2_ConnectionString");
    var azureServiceTokenProvider2 = new AzureServiceTokenProvider(identityConnectionString2);
    ```
```

Reviewer 2: I applied this revision.

    // OR
    var kv = new KeyVaultClient(new KeyVaultClient.AuthenticationCallback(azureServiceTokenProvider.KeyVaultTokenCallback));
    ```
If you want to use a user-defined managed identity, then you'll need to use the following code instead modifying to target the right resources and use the right clientid:

    ```csharp
    using Microsoft.Azure.Services.AppAuthentication;
    using Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault;
    // ...

>     var azureServiceTokenProvider = new AzureServiceTokenProvider("RunAs=App;AppId=<clientid-guid>");

Reviewer: Preference is to use environment variable configuration rather than hard coding.

Reviewer: This thread can be resolved. I have created a suggestion comment capturing the change.

> If you want to use a user-defined managed identity, then you'll need to use the following code instead modifying to target the right resources and use the right clientid:
> 
>     ```csharp
>     using Microsoft.Azure.Services.AppAuthentication;
>     using Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault;
>     // ...
>     var azureServiceTokenProvider = new AzureServiceTokenProvider("RunAs=App;AppId=<clientid-guid>");
>     string accessToken = await azureServiceTokenProvider.GetAccessTokenAsync("https://vault.azure.net");
>     // OR
>     var kv = new KeyVaultClient(new KeyVaultClient.AuthenticationCallback(azureServiceTokenProvider.KeyVaultTokenCallback));
>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use a user-assigned managed identity, you can set the `AzureServicesAuthConnectionString` application setting to `RunAs=App;AppId=<clientid-guid>`, replacing "clientId-guid" with the client ID of the identity you wish to use. You can also define multiple such connection strings by using custom application settings and passing their values into the AzureServiceTokenProvider constructor.

    ```csharp
    var identityConnectionString1 = Environment.GetEnvironmentVariable("UA1_ConnectionString");
    var azureServiceTokenProvider1 = new AzureServiceTokenProvider(identityConnectionString1);
    
    var identityConnectionString2 = Environment.GetEnvironmentVariable("UA2_ConnectionString");
    var azureServiceTokenProvider2 = new AzureServiceTokenProvider(identityConnectionString2);
    ```
```

To learn more about Microsoft.Azure.Services.AppAuthentication and the operations it exposes, see the [Microsoft.Azure.Services.AppAuthentication reference] and the [App Service and KeyVault with MSI .NET sample](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/app-service-msi-keyvault-dotnet).

> To learn more about how to configure the AzureServiceTokenProvider for service to service authentication, see the [Service to Service Authentication with .NET documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/key-vault/general/service-to-service-authentication#connection-string-support)

Reviewer: This should be combined with the paragraph above.

Reviewer: This thread can be resolved. I have created a suggestion comment capturing the change.

> To learn more about Microsoft.Azure.Services.AppAuthentication and the operations it exposes, see the [Microsoft.Azure.Services.AppAuthentication reference] and the [App Service and KeyVault with MSI .NET sample](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/app-service-msi-keyvault-dotnet).
> 
> To learn more about how to configure the AzureServiceTokenProvider for service to service authentication, see the [Service to Service Authentication with .NET documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/key-vault/general/service-to-service-authentication#connection-string-support)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about configuring AzureServiceTokenProvider and the operations it exposes, see the [Microsoft.Azure.Services.AppAuthentication reference] and the [App Service and KeyVault with MSI .NET sample](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/app-service-msi-keyvault-dotnet).
```
